first I'm going to show you a spicy meat
dish from western China called chili
pork spareribs and this involves the
technique of deep frying and braising
and it's very easy to do for this you'll
need one-and-a-half pounds of spare ribs
and these are the spareribs that I like
to use they're from the belly site of
the pork and if you get spareribs that
are a little bit Meteor it's quite all
right for this dish and you must
separate the ribs and this is how you do
it
here I'm using a cleaver but you can use
a knife just make sure that it's right
between the two bones here and you just
simply cut straight through and don't
worry about this most people think it's
a bone but actually it's part of the
cartilage and it really is very easy to
cut now the next step is to deep-fry the
spareribs and this is an important
technique because the seals in all the
juices and for this if you're using a
wok use about one pint of oil preferably
ground nut but I think deep fat fryer is
a lot safer and if you use a deep fat
fryer of course you'll need a lot more
oil simply put the spareribs in like
this and cover it and then deep-fry it
when you're defying the spareribs deep
fried at a very hot temperature and this
should be about a hundred and ninety
centigrade or 375 Fahrenheit this should
take about a few minutes and of course
that depends how hot your deep fat fryer
is or how hot the oil is they should be
ready now very nice now take them and
drain them on some kitchen paper
and don't worry if they're not entirely
cooked through because I'm going to
braise them further this is just a seal
the outside so to keep the juices in now
I'm going to brace them in a sauce I'm
going to show you how to make the sauce
for this you need about one and a half
pints of chicken stock and to that I'm
going to add seasonings that will make
it spicy and flavorful 2 TSP of finely
chopped garlic garlic is very widely
used in Western Chinese cookery 1
tablespoon of spring onions finely
chopped 1 tablespoon of chili bean sauce
and this is a spicy sauce made from
chilies and soya beans stew together and
you could cut this down if it's a little
bit too spicy for you it's a rather hot
dish 1 tablespoon just hold yellow bean
sauce and this is a nice rich sauce that
adds a lot of flavor to the dish and to
the sauce 1 and 1/2 tablespoon of hoisin
sauce and this is a sweet spicy sauce
also made from soya beans